---
type: leela
game: "[[Marathon 2026]]"
group: intercepts-traxus
subhub_model: faceted
facets: [intercepts, traxus]
volume-id: intercepts/traxus/chats.md::5
source_url: https://marathon.karnemir.com/intercepts/traxus/chats#h.j537iyjlsyfo
words: 297
canon-status: source
tags: [leela, verbatim, intercepts, traxus]
---

# 25 May 2888, 09:04AM PST

TRAXUSCONNECT

UrosBS\_0111: @VLCN Who initiated a wipe on this channel?

  

VLCN: Hello @UrosBS\_0111 Wipe initiated by @KrisBD\_4505 at 00:01AM PST, Standard Earth Time.

  

KrisBD\_4505: @UrosBS\_0111 Considering the rumors of data security failings I’ve asked @VLCN to wipe its records daily.

  

UrosBS\_0111: Good call.

  

UrosBS\_0111: And I have some good news...

  

UrosBS\_0111: @TOI\_Board Crawlers managed one more encoded overnight…

  

UrosBS\_0111: 69 6D 62 75 65

  

UrosBS\_0111: Link to United Shipping access point still missing. We’re working on it.

  

NinoDC\_0312: PO is moving forward as well.

  

NinoDC\_0312: SekGen happy. Working with us. Moving quickly.

  

NinoDC\_0312: @UrosBS\_0111 @HedvT\_6221 and I also finalized a commit from our contractors for the new site expedition.

  

HedvT\_6221: PO keeps moving.

  

HedvT\_6221: But sending addendum shortly per contractor’s demands.

  

NinoDC\_0312: Support tech for SekGen to source and provide.

  

HedvT\_6221: We’ll reimburse on delivery.

  

KrisBD\_4505: The contractor is secure.

  

UrosBS\_0111: Very.

  

KrisBD\_4505: How much did their loyalty cost?

  

HedvT\_6221: You’re dismissive, but in my experience, Runners are very loyal -

  

HedvT\_6221: - to a payday.

  

HedvT\_6221: They may not trust each other. But Runners can always be trusted to get a job done.

  

NinoDC\_0312: If one crew doesn’t do it, another will.

  

HedvT\_6221: Every time.

  

KrisBD\_4505: How much are we fronting their payday?

  

HedvT\_6221: An inconsequential sum and the promise of field testing an S-Series clone.

  

UrosBS\_0111: Hands-on the S-Series sealed the deal. They couldn’t resist getting a head start on the next gen. That opp’s worth more than credits to most higher end Runners.

  

HedvT\_6221: Still logistics to cap-off, but the practical aspects of this initiative are tracking.

  

UrosBS\_0111: Info collect won’t be far behind.

  

HedvT\_6221: Working with @DrazK\_9921 for delivery of addendum.

  

HedvT\_6221: Meet set. Everything is moving.

  

KrisBD\_4505: Quickly.

  

UrosBS\_0111: Let’s all keep pushing forward. Momentum.

  

DomoS\_0101: Get it done.

  

KrisBD\_4505: Yes sir.

---
*— everything above is 1:1 source · from [[Mirror/intercepts/traxus/chats|chats]] · [karnemir ↗](https://marathon.karnemir.com/intercepts/traxus/chats#h.j537iyjlsyfo)*

<!-- CITEDBY:START -->
### Cited by
[[Runners]] · [[Traxus]]
<!-- CITEDBY:END -->
